the Justice League storms the White
House and launches an assault on US
president Lex Luther in retaliation for
Flash's execution Wonder Woman and
Batman then hold off the Secret Service
clearing a path to the Oval Office for
Superman when Superman walks in on
Luther he finds him frantically going
through government documents and claims
he is not to blame if the people cannot
accept his so-called grand design for
the world Luther stops and wonders what
Superman would do when he was is about
to authorize a nuclear attack he claims
that Heroes like Superman are cursed
with a giant flaw although Heroes
succeed in stopping villains like him
they lack the courage to finish them
once and for all Luther claims that
although he may lose his position he
guarantees that he will find a way out
of prison and that the whole thing will
Begin Again in an unending cycle
Superman finally realizes that he played
a part in this endless cycle and decides
to end it once and for all glaring at
luor with his eyes glowing red Wonder
Woman and Batman catch up to Superman
and are horrified to find Luther
murdered in Cold Blood Batman claims
that it had to be done when Wonder Woman
tried to comfort Superman he didn't
appear bothered and even smirked after
doing the horrific deed this ignited the
historical moment where rules of
morality no longer bind Heroes and that
nothing nothing is too extreme not even
killing super villains years have passed
and the world has changed over the past
2 years Superman and the others have
decided to rule over Earth with a firm
hand showing no qualms in killing
supervillains if needed they have taken
over the government and even opposed the
Public's freedom of speech at the
heavily armed Watchtower John informs
them that an angry mob of protesters is
reported in Smallville which Hawk Girl
and Green Lantern volunteered to handle
their mere presence caused the
protesters to quickly disperse clearly
afraid of them Hawk Girl starts to doubt
their actions given the people's
unnerving fear of them later Superman
eats dinner with Lois Lane who is
displeased with the Justice Lord's
Tyrant regime he tries to convince her
to look at the bigger picture when they
are suddenly interrupted by Batman who
insists on holding an emergency meeting
with the rest of the team when Lois
tries to leave the apartment to follow
Superman who left in a hurry armed
guards stop her by the door refusing to
let her go she quickly criticizes them
and the rest of the world for blindly
following the Justice Lords despite
fully knowing they are in the wrong in
the Batcave Batman shows the others
footage of the Justice League fighting
against an armored Lex Luthor he he
explains that this is happening in real
time albeit in an alternate reality
where the flash is still alive and
Luther has not been
murdered the Justice Lords felt that the
league lacked a strong sense of justice
and decided to intervene with their
brand of Law and Order in the primary
Universe the Justice League struggles to
defeat Luther who almost gets the chance
to use the weapon he created against
them while FL cleans up the place and
disassembles Luther's weapon the Justice
Lord's Martian Manhunter appears before
them he explains that he comes from a
different timeline and claims that
realities are slowly collapsing in on
each other he then asks the league for
help convincing them to go with him to
their reality where the events are
centered Batman grows suspicious and
wonders if Jon has read their visitor
mind but he explains he doesn't want to
claiming to trust his counterpart as
soon as they crossed over the Justice
Lords set up a trap that immobilized
them in a containment field Hawk Girl
withstands it with willpower and breaks
through the wall but the Justice Lord's
Green Lantern knocks her out while
monitoring the League's Earth Justice
Lord Hawk Girl reports that a hostile
asteroid has just crashed on Earth
carrying the vile and Sinister doomsday
as the public wonders where the Justice
League is when a rogue doomsday goes on
a rampage the Justice Lords suddenly
appear intent on defeating their enemy
The Justice Lords take turns attacking
but their attacks are ineffective
against him he even manages to withstand
Green Lantern or Haw girl's attacks when
doomsday throws a piece of concrete at
them Martian Manhunter phases through it
and attacks him doomsday fights back and
causes an explosion that blows Martian
Manhunter Away by igniting a car leaking
with fuel Wonder Woman flies to stop a
train from crashing while Superman leads
the charge and attacks doomsday with a
barrage of punches doomsday is unfazed
and knocks Superman underground throwing
him against the wall doomsday sends
Superman flying with a punch and Lois
quickly runs to help him get back on his
feet Superman asks doomsday what he
wants and he responds that he wants
power and control much like him he
claims he wanted to see first what Earth
had to offer and declares to be
unimpressed so far Superman then quickly
charges at him and they both exchange
punches the impact alone blew the TV
reporter's Chopper away doomsday quickly
recovers walks up to a battered Superman
and holds him up Suddenly Superman uses
his heat vision and bore holes through
Doomsday's head lobotomizing him Lois
Lane was shocked to witness Superman's
brutality while the others cheered for
the hero's aggressive approach even one
of the reporters claims it was about
time watching from prison as the events
unfold luor smirks having realized that
their so-called Heroes aren't the real
Justice League at least not of this
reality that is following the League's
defeat the Justice Lord keeps them in
separate holding cells while Justice
Lord Batman watches them the rest of the
Justice Lords return to the League's
Earth and modify the Watchtower with
state-of-the-art Weaponry just like how
they built theirs in their world Justice
Lord Wonder Woman was surprised that the
Watchtower was defenseless for quite a
long time and Justice Lord Superman
claims that it had come back several
times to fight them when Justice Lord
Batman checks on the others he is
suddenly taken aback seeing flash in the
flesh he explains that they are doing
this on their behalf but flash is
unconvinced after seeing them take down
Haw girl he claims they never intended
to hurt them and has taken her to their
best hospital but flash continues
criticizing him and the Justice Lords
Batman suspects that something must have
happened to their version of The Flash
which would have pushed the Justice
Lords to become more more aggressive
with their approach when flash asks if
he already has a plan on breaking out
Batman claims he doesn't have one
worried that his counterpart has already
seen through everything he has planned
later flash raises his heart rate so
fast that it seems to have flatlined
Justice Lord Batman quickly checks on
him worried he might have died but flash
knocks him out and frees the others when
Superman was raring to confront the
Justice Lord flash stopped and reminded
him that they needed to look for Hawk
girl who was taken to a hospital after
being Gravely injured Batman claims he
needs to look for the portal but when
Jon wants to accompany him he insists on
going alone the league goes through the
Justice Lord's records to see where they
might have sent Hawk Girl Green Lantern
claims they're considered villains and
proposes to check where bad guys are
usually taken for medical treatment the
league narrows it down to Arkham Asylum
the only facility equipped to treat
metahumans medically before they go
inside Superman asks flash to wait
outside as he may ruin their disguises
given that he supposedly died in this
world when they checked in with the
front desk they were surprised to find a
timid yet docel Joker showing them
around they were shocked to find
villains Placid and docile quite
different from their version of Arkham
before Joker leads them to where Hawk
Girl is being treated he asks Superman
for the password Jon managed to read his
mind and gave the password to Superman
but Joker explained that although the
password was correct Wonder Woman was
supposed to answer that said he pushes
the alarm and dozens of Justice Lord
Superman robots arrive to detain them
flash joins the fight when he discovers
that the others are fighting while Green
Lantern searches and finds Hawk Girl
meanwhile Batman finds where the bat
cave is but is quickly confronted by his
counterpart who is revealed to have
escaped the cell after flash leaves him
there hiding in the shadows the two
Batmans quickly fought reading each
other's moves they later debated the
morality of what the Justice Lords had
done in this world Batman claims they
have gone too far and crossed the line
When They seized power Justice Lord
Batman responds that they made a world
where no 8-year-old boy will have to
lose his parents again to meaningless
violence like they did his reasoning
greatly affected Batman and he decided
to come out and surrender when Justice
Lord Batman claims that the league has
caused a scene at Arkham they both
quickly go to apprehend them to which
Batman surprisingly agrees on the way
over Batman was surprised to see a
different Gotham to which he didn't even
see a speck of litter lying around just
Justice Lord Batman explains that they
must enforce even the small ones if they
expect people to respect the big laws
when they stopped by a red light Justice
Lord Batman was forced to realize the
repercussions of their fascist regime
when cops unjustly apprehended a
customer by simply refusing to pay for
the poor quality meal he had when the
Justice League was about to leave Arkham
they were surrounded by the military
prepared to vaporize everything in the
area Justice Lord Batman arrives and
orders the military to back off claiming
to take responsibility for them Justice
Lord Batman pulls rank when the
lieutenant doubts him and orders him to
stand down he then leads the Justice
League back to his Batcave where the
portal is Flash is fascinated with the
idea that the Justice Lords went off the
rails after losing their flash to which
he claims he might be the team's
conscience as soon as they return turn
Batman wonders how they will defeat the
Justice Lords given their counterparts
are of equal strength and intelligence
he claims they stand no chance who
unlike them are willing to kill despite
that Superman claims he refuses to cross
that line but Batman points out that he
will have to cross some kind of line if
they want to succeed later at the
Watchtower the Justice Lords are alerted
to report that Luther has escaped when
Justice Lord Superman wishes to deal
with it personally Justice Lord Hawk
girl asks him not to kill Luther
claiming that this world is not prepared
for their kind of
Justice the other Justice Lords claim
that they will be accompanying him but
when they finally find Luther it is
later revealed to be JN in Disguise the
Justice Lords are briefly immobilized
having been caught in their trap Justice
Lord Hawk Girl is more resistant to
electricity and withstands it long
enough to destroy the device controlling
the room's voltage although hesitant
Green Lantern knocks down Haw girl but
when Jon is about to capture her justice
Lord JN comes out and confronts the
League's Martian Manhunter and they both
transform into alien creatures fighting
in the air Green Lantern and Wonder
Woman took on their counterparts while
Flash confronted Justice Lord Superman
by himself when Justice Lord Superman
charges at him flash Dodges his attack
and throws him to the other side of the
building Batman tries to sneak up on
Justice Lord Wonder Woman but she sees
through it and captures him when she is
about to finish him off Wonder Woman
knocks her down when she throws her
Tiara turning her attention to her
justice Lord Superman eventually catches
flash but when he is about to to finish
him off flash tries to convince him that
he won't be able to do it on the
contrary Justice Lord Superman is
prepared to finish him off when suddenly
Superman arrives with Luther who shoots
him with his weapon Luther then carries
on to shoot at the rest of the Justice
Lords Superman explains that they were
hit with a power disruptor when Luther
sneaks up from behind Superman everyone
thinks he will betray them but Luther
surrenders his weapon claiming that the
deal has been made Superman claims that
in exchange for his help they have given
him a full pardon for past crimes
Justice Lord Superman furiously claims
that everything that Luther does from
this point on will be on him which
Superman claims is a price he was
willing to take compared to the
alternative as the league escorts the
Justice Lord Superman claims that he
knew flash couldn't convince Justice
Lord Superman he explains that he
already knew having felt the same
Temptations He did Flash claims that
Superman might not be quite the Boy
Scout everyone thinks he is to which he
jokingly replies that he didn't even
make it to his First Merit Badge thank
you for watching check out these other
videos and make sure to subscribe and
tap the Bell to be notified about our
latest videos see you next time